.TH CLEAN 1 "July 2024" "Version 1.0" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
clean \- A comprehensive system cleanup tool for Linux
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B clean
[\fIoptions\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.B clean
script performs various system cleanup tasks to ensure your system remains fast and efficient.

.B Features:
- **Update System**: Updates package lists and upgrades installed packages.
- **Clean Package Cache**: Cleans up package cache to free up space.
- **Clean Thumbnail Cache**: Removes cached thumbnails to reclaim disk space.
- **Delete Old System Logs**: Deletes old system logs to prevent them from occupying too much space.
- **Clear Swap**: Clears the swap space to ensure optimal performance.
- **Remove Old Kernels**: Removes old and unused kernels to free up space.
- **Remove Unused Dependencies**: Removes packages that are no longer needed.
- **Free Up RAM**: Drops caches to free up RAM and improve system performance.
- **Clean Temporary Files**: Removes temporary files to free up disk space.
- **Clean Browser Caches**: Removes cache files from popular browsers (Firefox, Chrome, Brave).
- **Generate Reports**: Generates a report summarizing the cleanup actions performed and the system state.

.B Disclaimer:
Please read the documentation carefully. This script can delete important files. Use it at your own risk.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-a, \--all
Perform all cleaning actions.
.TP
.B \-u, \--update
Update package lists and upgrade installed packages.
.TP
.B \-c, \--cache
Clean up package cache.
.TP
.B \-t, \--thumbnail
Clean up thumbnail cache.
.TP
.B \-l, \--logs
Delete old system logs.
.TP
.B \-s, \--swap
Clear swap.
.TP
.B \-T, \--tmp
Clean up temporary files.
.TP
.B \-b, \--browsers
Clean browser caches.
.TP
.B \-B, \--brave
Clean Brave browser cache.
.TP
.B \-r, \--report
Generate a cleaning report (must be used with at least one other cleaning option).
.TP
.B \-h, \--help
Display this help message.
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
Perform all cleaning actions and generate a report:
.B clean --all --report
.TP
Update package lists and upgrade installed packages:
.B clean --update
.TP
Clean up package cache:
.B clean --cache
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Your Name.
.SH REPORTING BUGS
Report bugs to acronym4725@protonmail.com.
.SH COPYRIGHT
This is free software; see the source for copying conditions. There is NO warranty; not even for MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
